---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Testing stuff (ignore)/01/","hideInGraph":true}
---

> **Where it all began**
The story begins at the aforementioned [portal](app://obsidian.md/portal) of our party's primary realm starrting [Minthe Thistlestep](app://obsidian.md/Minthe%20Thistlestep), [Johannes](app://obsidian.md/Johannes), [Star](app://obsidian.md/Star), [Vivienne La Tour](app://obsidian.md/Vivienne%20La%20Tour)], and ["Wild Card"](app://obsidian.md/Card). All of them were contacted in some way or another during the [Nexian Portal Crisis](app://obsidian.md/Nexian%20Portal%20Crisis) by different parties and asked/ordered to come here with the notable exception of [Vivienne La Tour](app://obsidian.md/Vivienne%20La%20Tour). When they see many people seemingly unable to enter the portal, including some very powerful individuals, they decide to try and get in. A nearby guide tells them that the goal is to just enter the portal and see what is behind the crisis. It should be very brief and not at all dangeroius.  
They come into this new world [Earth](app://obsidian.md/Earth) but in doing so they feel a [strange dark force](app://obsidian.md/strange%20dark%20force) grip their hearts and squeeze it. They come into contact with their first foe, a man who claims to be a [negator](app://obsidian.md/negator) with the power of [UnToast](app://obsidian.md/UnToast). The party does not fully understand this concept yet.  
After a swift defeat of this foe, a member of the [Knights Moralis](app://obsidian.md/Knights%20Moralis) named [Mualani Ibarareth](app://obsidian.md/Mualani%20Ibarareth) confronts them and is about to apprehend one of them for doing an act of [Forbidden Magic](app://obsidian.md/Forbidden%20Magic). They meet [Ichico Nemuri](app://obsidian.md/Ichico%20Nemuri) who appears to be an ally.  
To stop this, she asks her daughter [Mico Vorgeil](app://obsidian.md/Mico%20Vorgeil) to cast a memory erasure [Spell](app://obsidian.md/Spell). Once they escape they are told of [Sol](app://obsidian.md/Sol) and his influence on the World. Through various apocalyptic events, including one called [Ragnarok](app://obsidian.md/Ragnarok), God has created and destroyed the world many times over until the most recent one. A previous group (now called the [The Flashborn](app://obsidian.md/The%20Flashborn)) who also came in through a portal to knock out God and stop [Ragnarok](app://obsidian.md/Ragnarok). Regardless, now [Sol] has captured Ichico's friends through [UMA Soul](app://obsidian.md/UMA%20Soul) who is a creature called a [UMA](app://obsidian.md/UMA).  
Ichico talks about how her friends and colleagues used to be part of an organization called the [Union](app://obsidian.md/Union) but now it is all but gone thanks to the capture of many of its members. She speaks of how the [Union](app://obsidian.md/Union) would partake in quests to defeat UMAs and gain [Artifacts](app://obsidian.md/Artifacts) that will give them the power to kill [Sol](app://obsidian.md/Sol). She asks the party for their aid and in return, they will be provided food and board as well a tidy sum of gold. While hesistant at first, the party eventually concedes and agrees to help. Their first target is a [UMA](app://obsidian.md/UMA) called "[UMA Colour](app://obsidian.md/UMA%20Colour)"

---
**[[Testing stuff (ignore)/Chronicles\|Chronicles]] · [[Testing stuff (ignore)/items/02\|02]]  ❯**

Journal: **[[Testing stuff (ignore)/Chronicles\|Chronicles]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Quests\|Quests]] |  [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Characters\|Characters]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Battles\|Battles]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/XP\|XP]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Loot\|Loot]] | [Calendar](https://app.fantasy-calendar.com/calendars/38f9e3f5098bac1f655a4fb4241f35eb)**

[[Testing stuff (ignore)/Home\| Return to homepage.]]
