---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Testing stuff (ignore)/03/","hideInGraph":true}
---

> **Of Iron and Snow**
## Of Iron and Snow
- (x:: #battle #ArmoredCorps The party fought four [[Zhentarim\|Zhentarim]] thugs in a Bryn Shander alley. They got one to talk after they discovered a [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Bryn Shander#The Hooked Knucklehead\|The Hooked Knucklehead]] tavern flyer on him with a note `...-.-..` on the back. It was a knocking passcode for the backdoor of the tavern, where the Zhentarim have been fencing stolen goods from the armory.)
- (x:: #FrostedMugs Dogs and sleds were rented from [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Bryn Shander#Stables\|Bryn Shander Stables]] for 30 gp to set out towards the tundra towards the Dwarven Valley to find the missing iron ingots belonging to [[Hruna\|Hruna]] and the remaining Foamings Mugs dwarves.)
- (x:: #battle #FrostedMugs Six goblins, a goblin boss, his pet hawk, and two wagon-laden polar bear were encountered. Two potions of animal friendship, a bone whistle, and 60 sp were found afterwards. The polar bears were set free by [[Tetro\|Tetro]]. The hawk was charmed by [[Crank\|Crank]] and later sold to [[Hruna\|Hruna]] for 5 gp.)
- (x:: #battle Camping in a cave, [[Tetro\|Tetro]] was ambushed by two lesser snow golems on his watch. The party managed to defeat them when the hawk alerted them. Fire was super effective!)
- (x:: #FrostedMugs Continuing their long rest, [[Fern\|Fern]] fell asleep during her watch and was startled awake after a mysterious visitor stole a couple ingots, their boots growing in size as they fled. On the third watch [[Oona\|Oona]] saw a chwinga!)
- (x:: #FrostedMugs The ingots were successfully returned to [[Hruna\|Hruna]] et al who paid them *each* a 50 gp bloodstone - quickly converted to gold. The hounds and sleds were returned, the job finished.)


# XP
- (xp::350 ~ #FrostedMugs COMPLETE)

# Loot
- (loot::2 Potions of Animal Friendship ~ Uncommon Potion.)
- (loot::Bone Whistle ~ Common Trinket.)
- (loot::10 sp each ~ Found during #FrostedMugs.)
- (loot::50 gp each ~ Payment for completing #FrostedMugs.)

--- 
**❮ [[Testing stuff (ignore)/02\|02]] · [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Chronicles\|Chronicles]] ·  [[Testing stuff (ignore)/04\|04]] ❯**

Journal: **[[Testing stuff (ignore)/Chronicles\|Chronicles]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Quests\|Quests]] |  [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Characters\|Characters]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Battles\|Battles]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/XP\|XP]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Loot\|Loot]] | [Calendar](https://app.fantasy-calendar.com/calendars/38f9e3f5098bac1f655a4fb4241f35eb)**

[[Testing stuff (ignore)/Home\| Return to homepage.]]
