---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Testing stuff (ignore)/05/","hideInGraph":true}
---

> **The Yeti Den and the Golden Dawn.**
##  Ascent to the Yeti's Den
- (x:: #MountainClimb Having rescued [[Garret Velryn\|Garret Velryn]] the party continued up [[Kelvin's Cairn\|Kelvin's Cairn]] seeking the remaining three members of the climbing expedition: a male goliath named [[Mokingo Growling Bear\|Mokingo Growling Bear]] who was in search of the legendary Winter Walker [[Characters/Misc/Oyaminartok\|Characters/Misc/Oyaminartok]], a female halfling acolyte named [[Perilou\|Perilou]], and a brooding, reticent female Tiefling named [[Astrix\|Astrix]]. )
- (x:: #MountainClimb Approaching a yeti den, the party sought the adult male yeti that attacked [[Garret Velryn\|Garret Velryn]] and company. Finding blood and several large but muddled footprints, they snuck into a cave, where they found the eviscerated torso of [[Mokingo Growling Bear\|Mokingo Growling Bear]] in a crude trophy room. Two other severed heads could be well-discerned, one belonging to [[Oobok\|Oobok]] and the other belonging to an unknown red-haired shield dwarf.)
- (x:: #battle #MountainClimb In the darkness, they found a yeti and two smaller indistinct forms. The party took the opportunity to attack the beast and lure it out. In the following confusion, they realize a yeti tyke had been batting around [[Perilou\|Perilou]], who exhausted but unharmed, in the corner and that they were fighting the mother. As the party and [[Garret Velryn\|Garret]] dispatched the monstrosity, the father approached with a slewn goat. Putting the yetis to rest, the party decided to push for the mountain-top to look for [[Astrix\|Astrix]].)
- (x:: #MountainClimb Atop Kelvin's Cairn was a ruined astronomers hut from times well before the present. It was a common destination for climbers, and in its fallen walls the party found the frozen body of [[Astrix\|Astrix]] hunched and forlorn. She had been gazing at a frozen, headless and red-haired dwarven corpse - the poor bastard whose head they had seen in the trophy room. [[Astrix\|Astrix]] had a Potion of Invisibility and a leather-bound spellbook in her posession.)
- (x:: #TheGoldenDawn "The view from the mountaintop would have been crisp if the cloudcover hadn't taken hold," said [[Garret Velryn\|Garret]]. He spoke a moment too soon, as a blinding light of gold burst from the forests to the west, ripped clouds and fog asunder. The blast echoed off Kelvin's Cain, shifting the snows below, and leaving a wide hole in the midnight sky. The party felt or perhaps imagined, a brief vision of Spring, as the crackle of magic pulsed through the air. Unshielding their eyes, the stillness of the night sky lit up by the Rime immediately removed all sense of heat, frost creeping into their marrow. In the distance, riding the aurora, was a great beast... perhaps the Frostmaiden herself. )
- (x:: #TheGoldenDawn The party took shelter in the yeti cave until dawn and made their way down the mountain, having grown exhausted from exposure. During that night, at least [[Tetro\|Tetro]] dreamt of the golden light they'd witnessed. He visioned the visage of an owl, and he felt no warmth from neither it nor the glow.)
- (x:: #battle #MountainClimb Before they could lash up the dogs and leave, an avalanched swept through the hillside, ensnaring [[Garret Velryn\|Garret Velryn]]. Soon after, a chill wind summoned three [[Cold Light Walkers\|Cold Light Walkers]], who the party and [[Perilou\|Perilou]] dispatched.)

# XP
- (xp::100 ~ [[Kelvin's Cairn\|Kelvin's Cairn]] EXPLORED)
- (xp::300 ~ #MountainClimb COMPLETE)

# Loot
- (loot::Astrix's Spellbook ~ Spellbook.)
- (loot::Potion of Invisibility ~ Rare Potion.)
---
**❮ [[Testing stuff (ignore)/04\|04]] · [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Chronicles\|Chronicles]] ·  [[Testing stuff (ignore)/06\|06]] ❯**

Journal: **[[Testing stuff (ignore)/Chronicles\|Chronicles]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Quests\|Quests]] |  [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Characters\|Characters]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Battles\|Battles]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/XP\|XP]] | [[Testing stuff (ignore)/Loot\|Loot]] | [Calendar](https://app.fantasy-calendar.com/calendars/38f9e3f5098bac1f655a4fb4241f35eb)**

[[Testing stuff (ignore)/Home\| Return to homepage.]]
