---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Session Notes/Session 39 (2026-03-28)/"}
---

Telos' Account: (very sus, take with many grains of salt)

- Invasions have been happening since he moved here 2 years ago
- Believes disasters are caused by Ragnarok, and have been increasing in frequency recently

First Man's Account:

- Invasions have been happening since he moved here 35 years ago
- Disasters have been increasing in frequency over the last 3 months

Second Lady's Account:

- Invasions have been happening since she moved here 2 years ago
- Disasters have been increasing in frequency recently
- Someone has been shipping snow: there's a package that arrived that's filled with just snow
- There's a box of herbs and medication that doesn't have a labelled name on it. The clinic could have ordered it, but the contents look very expensive: it either belongs to the Clinic or to someone important/rich, like Telos or Asch.

Visiting Asch:

- Asch does not remember that the invasion already happened and that he fixed a house. According to him, Telos has pointed out that Asch has memory issues.
- Asch recognizes the box of medicine,
- Asch left the town while his father was still in power and met Telos during Ragnarok. Telos allegedly saved Ashe's life during this time. Asch returns to the town right after Ragnarok, 3 months later, when his father is getting old, and takes over, and moves in with Telos
- Asch recognizes the box of herbs: Telos ordered it, but curiously told Asch not to tell anyone about it. Beezle and Star pretend they didn't hear anything, at least to his face.
- Asch presents a letter that has been ripped out and has no return address, from Telos' Acquaintance, Laika Spadus Stance. It reads: "biology confirms what I suspected. One will be sufficient. Please let me know when you can"
- Laika has been helping with Telos' blindness, and thus Asch and Telos owe a lot of debt to her.
- Asch notices Card's recognition at the name. Vivi, Star, Johannes are able to hide their recognition.
- "If you know her or know where she is, I feel you may have interacted with her before? Please let her know the letter was received but was ripped up in the mail."
- The party agrees to try but promise nothing.
- Asch thanks the party for doing so much for the town. He also notes that Telos speaks highly of us.
- As we leave, Asch mentions he has to "wet his suit": "It takes so long to prep."
`Vivi (aka me) has been gone for most of the session. As summary in this summary, the armor is cursed to drain the life energy of whoever is wearing it. Also, Star has control of whoever wears the armor (probably the 'absorbed a god' part or something). Then everyone futzed around for the rest of the day (apparently JOHANNES was 'born' from a guy). They also suspect Telos is the cause of the curse in the town, though this might be false.  The party is now in a manor, to investigate further. They ask Asch about his connection with Telos, suspecting his memory has been modified. They also obtain a letter intended for Telos, written by Laika Stence, the wife of Thrain, the guy who died with UMA Colour. The letter implies Telos provided the 'material' required for some biological experiment.`

